I was 14 years old when I first saw the movie [The Lake
House](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0410297/), candidly I
never really understood the plot until I watched it again a
few years later. And as I watched it, i witnessed  with marvel 
two individuals separated by time fight against all odds to 
unite. In my eyes, it was not only beautiful, it was perfect.

In essence the story centers on an architect living in 2004
and a doctor living in 2006. The two meet via letters left
in a mailbox at the lake house they have both lived in at
separate points in time. But we're not here to discuss the
complexities of romance but rather the following premise,
"what would say to yourself if you could write a letter to
your younger self?"

>“Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that
>transcends time and space.”
>― [Anne Hathaway in Interstellar](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0816692)

And so, out of norm I decided to write a letter to my
younger self.


Dear younger me,

The visscitudes of fate have not been kind to us, we have
known more pain in the eight months it has taken us to get
to this point. To a point were writing a memoir to our
younger self makes sense.

But I want you to know that I am proud of you, I am proud
that you have not let hate fester in you, that you have not
let pain morph you, that you have let sadness encampass you
or let limbo be your domain.
